Quote readme (#15)
aerospike/proximus-examples: README.md

Vectors allow you to combine machine learning models (e.g., ChatGPT, CLIP, Llama) to build applications that leverage the capabilities of these models. Vector embeddings encode meaning from text, images, video, etc., and enable search across a large dataset. You can use vector embeddings for a variety of applications such as semantic search, recommendation systems, or retrieval augmented generation (RAG) apps. To learn more about leveraging vector embeddings, see the OpenAI docs about [vector embedding use cases](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/embeddings/use-cases).

# Getting Started

> This section describes how to get started using our developer sandbox environment. To request access to a developer sandbox, fill out [this form](https://aerospike.com/lp/aerospike-vector-developer-program-sign-up/). The following instructions help you set up a demo application that performs semantic search across an a dataset of quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to get started using our developer sandbox environment. To request access to a developer sandbox, fill out [this form](https://aerospike.com/lp/aerospike-vector-developer-program-sign-up/). The following instructions help you set up a demo application that performs semantic search across a dataset of quotes.
```

1. The URL to your private sandbox environment (this will be provided).

> [!TIP]
> If you are an Aerospike employee, you can follow the [docker-compose](./quote-semantic-search/README.md#install-using-docker-compose) instructions instead.

## 1. Clone the Repository and Install Dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/aerospike/proximus-examples.git && \\
cd proximus-examples/quote-semantic-search/quote-search && \\
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt --extra-index-url https://aerospike.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/pypi/aerospike-pypi-dev/simple 
```

## 2. Set Environment Variables
Before starting the application, you need to set `PROXIMUS_HOST` to your sandbox host.

```
export PROXIMUS_HOST=<SANDBOX-HOST>
```
By default the app will index 5000 quotes, but the dataset included in this repo has 

> about 50K quotes. Depending on the size of your dataset, you may want to configure concurrent parallelism for generating the text embeddings. Higher parallelism will consume more CPU resources. See the [full list of configurable settings](./quote-semantic-search/README.md#configuration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 100K quotes. Depending on the size of your dataset, you may want to configure concurrent parallelism for generating the text embeddings. Higher parallelism will consume more CPU resources. See the [full list of configurable settings](./quote-semantic-search/README.md#configuration)
```

50k didn't sound like enough haha

> about 50K quotes. Depending on the size of your dataset, you may want to configure concurrent parallelism for generating the image embeddings. Higher parallelism will consume more CPU resources. See the [full list of configurable settings](./quote-semantic-search/README.md#configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about 50K quotes. Depending on the size of your dataset, you may want to configure concurrent parallelism for generating the text embeddings. Higher parallelism will consume more CPU resources. See the [full list of configurable settings](./quote-semantic-search/README.md#configuration)
```

## 3. Start the Application
To start the application locally, run the following:
```
waitress-serve --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080 --threads 32 quote_search:app
```

> Quotes will begin being inferences using the [MiniLM](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2) and those quotes will be added to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embeddings will be generated from each quote using the [MiniLM](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2) and those quotes will be added to the
```

index to become searchable. Once your indexing is complete you'll be able to 

> begin searching. 

Reviewer 2: Technically, you can search before it is finished. There is a case for telling them to wait though

Author: I wasn't sure. will change this.
